Added Sponsorship Announcement Blog (#309)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2020-sponsor-announcement.md

> Title: PyCon India 2020 is looking for Sponsors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Call for Sponsors is now open for PyCon India 2020
```

Date: 2020-08-25 02:34 

> Author: Nikhil Maan(@Sc0rpi0n101)

Reviewer 2: One thing I saw that in the previous year's blog post that the author mentioned was PyCon India Content Team and so for the other PyCon conferences. So probably we should as well change this and in the previous blog post.

Reviewer: @sayanchowdhury I have created that feature wherein all the posts have to have an author's name to be mentioned for proper credit back to the writer of the blog post. Whereas the default value for the field is `PyCon India Content Team` which I thought could be consistent for past year's conferences.

In the past there was no author field at all. Here's the issue #265 and the PR #263 for discussions
Here's a PyCon US blog having author's name https://pycon.blogspot.com/2020/07/recap-of-pycon-2020-converting-to-online.html

Author: I think it gives folks more incentive to write as they can get their attribution for the blogs they write. I mean, ofc they're written by the Content Teams, that's what the content teams are for. but I'm fine with keeping it to Content Team if you want. I can change it for the other blogs too. CC: @vipulgupta2048

Reviewer 2: The reason, I would not have a credit back system and rather give the credit to the PyCon India <WG>Team because this brings imbalance with the other working groups. Given all the working groups are equally hard, from designers to website developers to social media team etc it's either we give attribution to all or we use name PyCon India <WG> Team. 

Giving attribution will create chaos and added logistics hence, it's better to have PyCon India <WG> Team.

Reviewer: Cool, will resolve this and discuss more later. Rereading again for approval and merging

Category: 2020 

> Slug: announce-sponsorsership

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slug: announce-sponsorship
```
This change didn't come in my review from before.

Summary: Want to give back to the Python community and have more reach among the community members? Here's your chance to put your organization in the limelight of the Python community by sponsoring the largest Python conference in India. 

While the PyCon team is going full speed ahead to make PyCon India 2020 online an amazing conference and a great experience for everyone, here is **your** chance to help make the conference even more amazing.

> 

Reviewer: Looks good, but where's that graphic we talked about.

Author: Aren't we adding that to https://github.com/pythonindia/inpycon2020/pull/70

Reviewer: Looks better with a photo and improves credibility. I think it be a good idea.

> While the PyCon team is going full speed ahead to make PyCon India 2020 online an amazing conference and a great experience for everyone, here is **your** chance to help make the conference even more amazing.

Reviewer 2: PyCon India team.

Author: ```suggestion
While the PyCon India team is going full speed ahead to make PyCon India 2020 online an amazing conference and a great experience for everyone, here is **your** chance to help make the conference even more amazing.
```

> While the PyCon India team is going full speed ahead to make PyCon India 2020 online an amazing conference and a great experience for everyone, here is **your** chance to help make the conference even more amazing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the PyCon India team is going full speed ahead to make PyCon India 2020 online an amazing conference and a great experience for everyone. We bring to you a golden opportunity for your brand and company to shine and represent themselves at the forefront of the Python India community.
```

> The entire organizing team and the Python community at large are extremely thankful to all the sponsors for supporting us throughout the years. Without your support, we wouldn't have been able to even think about making the conference bigger, better, and more accessible for everyone every year. Many of you must already be eager to come forward and book your slot, let me tell you a little about how sponsoring the conference can be beneficial for your organization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire organizing team and the Python community at large are extremely thankful to all the sponsors for supporting the conference throughout the years. Without the support of our sponsors, it wouldn't have been possible to make the conference bigger, better, and more accessible for everyone year after year. For this year as we move to an online platform, let us take you through why sponsoring PyCon India 2020 would be beneficial for your organization:
```

Always 3rd person, no `we` unless the situation calls for it.

## Low-Cost Marketing

Instead of spending a fortune on traditional advertisements, take a look at our reasonably priced sponsorship slabs and pick one - letting you be discovered and known to the diverse and widespread Python community at maybe half (or even less!) of your marketing budget.

## Hiring and Business Opportunities

Get matched with folks who could become your next potential clients or employees. The conference has a history of attracting smart folks and businesses from various backgrounds. Get connected, make your pitch, and find the best programmers or clients to join your organizations!

## Flexibility

A sponsorship is a two-way partnership; we want both parties to be happy and gain something from this opportunity. If you have something specific you require from us, please don’t hesitate to ask! We are more than happy to work with you and tailor the sponsorship benefits to suit your needs.

> ## Startup Discount

Reviewer 2: There is no Startup Discount slab, it is just a Startup slab. Maybe reword to "Startup slab"?

Author: ```suggestion
## Startup Slab
```

> Are you a newly established startup or a small business that wants to give back to the community, but cannot justify the price slabs? Don't worry, to make PyCon India affordable to small businesses and startups, we are providing a special **Startup** slab, just for you. This slab is applicable for organizations with less than 15 employees or less than 3 years in operation.

Reviewer 2: 10 employees, 5 years in operation.

Author: ```suggestion
Are you a newly established startup or a small business that wants to give back to the community, but cannot justify the price slabs? Don't worry, to make PyCon India affordable to small businesses and startups, we are providing a special **Startup** slab, just for you. This slab is applicable for organizations with less than 10 employees or less than 5 years in operation.
```
